Document XREquirectLayer (#9210)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/xrwebglbinding/createequirectlayer/index.md

---
title: XRWebGLBinding.createEquirectLayer()
slug: Web/API/XRWebGLBinding/createEquirectLayer
tags:
  - API
  - Method
  - Reference
  - AR
  - XR
  - WebXR
browser-compat: api.XRWebGLBinding.createEquirectLayer
---
{{APIRef("WebXR Device API")}}

The **`createEquirectLayer()`** method of the {{domxref("XRWebGLBinding")}} interface returns an {{domxref("XREquirectLayer")}} object, which is a layer that maps [equirectangular](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Equirectangular_projection) coded data onto the inside of a sphere.

## Syntax

```js
createEquirectLayer(options)
```

### Parameters

- `options`

>   - : An object to configure the {{domxref("XREquirectLayer")}}. It can have the following properties and the `space`, `viewPixelHeight`, and `viewPixelWidth` properties are required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : An object to configure the {{domxref("XREquirectLayer")}}. It can have the following properties. The `space`, `viewPixelHeight`, and `viewPixelWidth` properties are required:
```

    - `centralHorizontalAngle`: Optional. A number indicating the central horizontal angle in radians of the sphere. Default value: `6.28318` (2π).
    - `colorFormat`: Optional. A {{domxref("GLenum")}} defining the data type of the color texture data. Possible values:
        - `gl.RGB`
        - `gl.RGBA`
      Additionally, for contexts with the {{domxref("EXT_sRGB")}} extension enabled:
      - `ext.SRGB_EXT`
      - `ext.SRGB_ALPHA_EXT`
      Additionally, for {{domxref("WebGL2RenderingContext")}} contexts:
      - `gl.RGBA8`
      - `gl.RGB8`
      - `gl.SRGB8`
      - `gl.RGB8_ALPHA8`
      Additionally, for contexts with the {{domxref("WEBGL_compressed_texture_etc")}} extension enabled:
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_RGB8_ETC2`
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_RGB8_PUNCHTHROUGH_ALPHA1_ETC2`
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_RGBA8_ETC2_EAC`
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_ETC2`
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_PUNCHTHROUGH_ALPHA1_ETC2`
      - `ext.COMPRESSED_SRGB8_ALPHA8_ETC2_EAC`
      Additionally, for contexts with the {{domxref("WEBGL_compressed_texture_astc")}} extension enabled:
      - All of the formats the extension supports.
      The default value is `gl.RGBA`.

>     - `depthFormat`: Optional. A {{domxref("GLenum")}} defining the data type of the depth texture data or `0` indicating that the layer should not provide a depth texture (in that case {{domxref("XRProjectionLayer.ignoreDepthValues")}} will be `true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `depthFormat`: Optional. A {{domxref("GLenum")}} defining the data type of the depth texture data, or else `0` to indicate that the layer should not provide a depth texture (in that case {{domxref("XRProjectionLayer.ignoreDepthValues")}} will be `true`).
```
